app-admin/sudo -sendmail
app-editors/vim python -crypt -lua
app-text/xmlto text
#>=dev-lang/python-3.10.6_p4 tk
dev-lang/python tk
dev-lang/rust rustfmt
dev-libs/boost context icu
dev-vcs/git -perl
gui-apps/waybar network
gui-wm/sway -swaybar
media-gfx/imagemagick jpeg
media-libs/libsdl2 gles2
media-libs/libvpx postproc
media-libs/sdl2-image jpeg png
media-libs/sdl2-mixer vorbis
media-video/motion ffmpeg mmal
net-dns/avahi python -introspection
net-dns/unbound -http2 dnscrypt
net-libs/nodejs inspector
net-misc/chrony -nts -pts
sys-apps/busybox -pam
sys-apps/smartmontools -daemon -update-drivedb
sys-auth/seatd server -elogind
sys-boot/grub truetype
sys-libs/zlib minizip
www-client/chromium -X -hangouts
www-client/firefox -X
x11-libs/libva opengl

