app-admin/sudo -sendmail offensive
app-editors/vim python -crypt -lua
app-text/xmlto text
dev-cpp/cairomm X
dev-cpp/gtkmm X
dev-lang/python
dev-lang/tcl threads
dev-libs/boost context icu
dev-vcs/git -perl
gui-libs/waybar X
gui-wm/sway -swaybar
media-libs/freetype harfbuzz
media-libs/libglvnd X
media-libs/libsdl2 gles2 X
media-libs/libvpx postproc
media-libs/sdl2-image jpeg png
media-libs/sdl2-mixer vorbis
media-video/motion ffmpeg mmal
net-dns/avahi python -introspection
net-dns/unbound -http2 dnscrypt
net-misc/chrony -nts -pts
sys-apps/busybox -pam
sys-apps/dbus -systemd
sys-apps/smartmontools -daemon -update-drivedb
sys-auth/seatd -elogind server
sys-boot/grub truetype
www-client/firefox -X dbus
www-servers/lighttpd -lua rrdtool
www-servers/uwsgi python
x11-libs/cairo X
x11-libs/libva opengl
x11-libs/libxkbcommon X
